riscv: fix mstatus/sstatus helpers and field mask (#396)
rust-embedded/riscv: riscv/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> ### 
> - Add `mstatus` and `sstatus` CSRs helpers for UBE, VS, UXL and SXL/SBE/MBE where applicable
> model XS and SD as read-only summary fields instead of writable fields
> - Fix the CSR masks to preserve all legal status bits
> 
> ### Added
> 

Reviewer: Move the additions to the `Added` section:

```suggestion
### Added

- - Add `mstatus` and `sstatus` CSRs helpers for UBE, VS, UXL and SXL/SBE/MBE where applicable
model XS and SD as read-only summary fields instead of writable fields
- Add `pmpaddr16` ~ `pmpaddr63` CSRs
```

And the changes to the `Changed` section:

```
### Changed (section below Added)

- Fix the CSR masks to preserve all legal status bits
- ...
```

Author: Ok, I've made the changes.
